Hotline League is brought to you by
opened by HP hello Travis we have our
next caller hi hello so we got Christie
on the show Christie where you calling
from Austin Texas Austin Texas Christie
you and I met at South by Southwest
right yes
twice yeah well thank you for coming up
and saying hi then what do you want to
talk about I think your mic is a little
close to your mouth yeah yeah that's way
better
what do you want to talk about on the
show today
so I heard earlier today about the
golden Guardians making some roster
changes mostly that they're removing hi
for Mickey yes I was wondering for all
three of you what kind of team see think
you predicts to follow suit with roster
changes and I also wanted to know if you
think TSM will completely overhaul their
roster again Oh
like if TSM will overhaul their roster
right now for the summer split oh well I
think I think no TSM won't do that I
think I think they might make like some
infrastructure changes like Reggie could
get more involved or something like that
but I doubt that they're gonna make
major changes so that's my take on that
one of their teams so I think we'll make
changes like golden Guardians oak red
mark I was gonna say Oh Lee what do you
think of Mickey you know having been
under the same org the last split like
did you play any games against him with
him like what do you think of him will
he do well I think when he has
confidence on stage like he's like
really good but like he was sort of
famous like how to say that want to seek
that how to say that coin coin flip is
what they called him right coin flip
Mickey yeah Mickey so like sometimes he
so I come out to be key sometimes like
trash Mickey sometimes nice okay Mickey
like Corey has this meme to be key so I
think he has this problem still but I
think if organization were team manager
teammates maybe can help with this stuff
as a his team will be really good but
like he's getting I mean like kinda hard
to I don't know there's Korean you got
good Guardians
he's the only one yeah so I hear it more
hard like because when he playing
Technical Academy like I saw like he
couldn't talk too much
he just still talk he just tried to talk
but sometimes he just wanna like he's
playing tons of stuff but he cannot do
it in English so like he fell really
stressful so I think if Gordon ideas
want to do something better with Vicki
they have to put him one Korean player
or Korean coach I guess otherwise like
Mickey will be really stressful do you
think that this is a good move instead
of having high on the team I think like
like we lost eg we do we lost their once
like though they were okay maybe they
just didn't know well they got last yeah
take a loss but I felt like they had
some potential maybe but yeah I don't
think hi I saw I was like man chakra
there and then whenever you watch the
game like hi hi Mouse was know stuff
like this was it was beatboxing during a
game that is true I mean Vicki want to
be like hi
so if Gordon God is wanna win they have
to like bring one more Korea who can
speak more I mean isn't that okay tell
me those isn't that an issue though
because then you have like right now
they can try to get Mickey to speak
English and to work with the team that
way if you bring a second Korean player
now you've got half the team speaking
Korean and half the team speaking
English right oh it's like four
instrument I play IMT I like flame also
has some like he got stressed for
because he whenever you speak he spoke
English he felt like he has to use his
brain energy maybe that's what he said
like he always got stressful like my
speaking English so
but I was happy game like this time what
you can say in English like I was like
helping him a lot every time so like
making this someone like that
because he's not used to be in other
country yeah so you think that the
language barrier might be an issue and
sort of the cultural barrier yeah like
if they just play like is to bolster I
feel like they are not gonna be like
team yeah ocular and it's not like every
Korean just instantly gets along but
it's still better to have someone that
you can probably relate to on the team
than just feeling alone okay back to
back to Christy's question oleh do you
what other teams would you expect us to
make changes roster changes these this
summer yeah right like right now oh only
button tier team gonna change like opti
was last right okay according ideas
Hungarians why quest quest I say flight
cast Gordon guardians of take 3 gonna
change I don't think it straight you
gonna change they just need more sinners
so I see this 3 team
okay very good do you think do you think
TSM will make any changes or do anything
different I feel like they're they're
gonna believe in their players like like
oh you guys are best about you in
western and then all my current you have
so much petitioner like oh we have best
coach song like we gonna like work
together and they actually we're good
but we just lost because we didn't best
stretch maybe like this so I mean they
were really good like in scream like I
learn a lot from BC so I don't think
there's no way to change their roster we
are the best in the west
they're partly I'm not talk see mark how
about you need what seems to expect to
make changes I would say like yeah you
look at the bottom three teams that's
the obvious three
I don't think clutch will cuz it was
hard like I mean they got third fourth
dinner
to perform I don't think echo Fox will
but maybe they just like given how their
season ended and they had some roster
shuffling kind of going on at the very
end that would kind of be like my Dark
Horse team to see one changed up anyways
just because it seems like they were
they were close to letting that happen
anyways yeah I expect to see TSM say the
change to stay the same flight quest to
change golden Guardians is already
changing optic and yeah I think CLG will
stay the same although I feel like
they're like CLG could surprise us I
think if you're if you're CLG you have
interviews with all your players and
your staff and you try to decide like is
there is there an obvious change I think
one of the problems with the split right
now are the break in the split right now
is there aren't that many options right
like Golden Gardens is playing from like
a questionable player no offense to
Mickey who's had like who's usually
considered like a 50/50 player from like
an Academy team it's it's there's not
like a lot of free agents that are
well-known and or whatever so I don't
know uh Chrissy do you have anything
else you want to talk about I was
wondering if Olie could do some
freestyle beatboxing cuz I really liked
that little sample that he gave earlier
I get div I don't think this mic is good
enough to it sound if you get a little
bit okay okay oh okay yeah that was good
I mean I could not do that so good job
thank you so much Christine